Topic 1: What is Cyber Crime?
Cybercrime is any illegal activity that happens on a computer, a network like the internet, or uses the internet. 
Imagine someone trying to break into your house by illegal means. 
Similarly, if someone trys to break into your computer system using illegal means – that's cybercrime!

So now we are going to learn about the main Types of CyberCrime :- 1) Financial Cybercrime
                                                                   2) Identity Theft
                                                                   3) Cyberbullying
                                                                   4) Hacking Cybercrime


Topic 2: Financial Cyber Crimes
It is the type of cybercrime in which people try to steal money or important information about your money online. 
Like if we take an example of someone trying to steal your money from your piggy bank. This is similar to financial crime 
but through a computer. This can be done through means like:
 i) Hacking, AND
ii) Phishing

The second type of cybercrime is Identity Theft

Topic 3: Identity Theft Crimes: Stealing someone's personal information to pretend to be them. 
There are also some types of identity theft like:

Stolen Identities: Criminals can steal your personal information to pretend to be you, especially to steal money or do other illegal things.

Data Breaches: People can hack into computer systems to steal sensitive information like your secret passwords,
               credit card numbers or other important details.

Legal Consequences: Identity theft can lead to serious problems with the law, like being accused of doing something you didn't do. 
                    It can also damage your credit score, which is like a report card for how well you handle money.

NOTE:(CREDIT SCORE : defination)

So the third and one of the most important/used cybercrime is Cyberbullying:

Topic 4: Cyberbullying
This is when someone uses technology like phones or computers to trouble, threaten, or embarrass someone else. 
It's like bullying, but it happens online, and can make people feel very depressed and scared.

And the last type of cybercrime is Hacking Cyber Crime:-

Topic 5: Hacking Cyber Crimes:
Hacking is a type of cybercrime in which people use illegal means to take command of someone's computer system 
and use it the way they want. It is one of the most common cybercrime that happen all over the world.
